Varun Radhakrishnan
Ziang Song
Junhao Xiong

File Description
- PAGS.py includes the class declaration and implementation of our software.
- SimpleSketches.py and HashSketches.py are different implementations
of the abstract class Sketches.py
- DistanceCalculation.py is the algorithm for calculating distance between two
genomes. 
- RunTest.py and Benchmark.py are used to run benchmarks.
A detailed description of each file is documented in each file as well as the
paper.

Generate Test Results
Use the following command:
python3 Benchmark.py file_list k p ss (sl)

file_list: name of a text file containing a list of path to fasta files of genomes
           to be compared
(The file list we use is test_files.txt. All the fasta files are in Genomes/)

k: kmer length (a positive number)

p: percent of total kmer to include in each sketch (a number between 0 and 1)

ss: option to take substring or subsequence as kmer. 0 for substring, 1 for subsequence

(sl): only provide if ss = 1. The length of space between each character taken
      for the subsequence

The result will be written in the file "result.txt".


Everyone's Role

Overall, everyone contributed equally to the project.  Specifically, Bear implemented the command line
interface, benchmarking script, and input parsing aspects of the program.  For the benchmarking script,
he helped encapsulate many of the classes and functions of the main program to create easy access
and use for other external python scripts.  Furthermore, he created the file parsing functions that would
retrieve all the kmers in a given genome.  Ziang helped implement many of the stretch goals like subsequences,
collision free hashing, and bloom filters.  His subsequence implementation would allow for any equally spaced
bitmask in addition to the k-mer substrings, and his implementation of collision free hashing functions
allows hash sketch to test multiple hashing techniques.  Lastly, Varun created the initial implementations of
the distance calculation, sketches, simple sketches, and hash sketches classes.  By creating the sketches
abstract class, he created a fixed structure that all other implementations, like simple and hash sketches,
would follow.  In order to create the distance calculation, he tried to derive a measure of the point mutation rate
through random sampling, and he described the assumptions and derivations in detail in the paper.  Additionally,
he ran many of the benchmarks and collected all the OrthoAniu scores for the genomes.       
